Project 5 write up
Charlie Grant
I hope this one runs in the terminal. 
I have no clue how to fix this issue and am upset because my previous two projects worked with 95% accuracy at least.
I do not believe my work has deserved a 75 for those two projects, but I have not had the time between my job, research , and classes to discuss this.
Anyway, I used a public variable to track in each session the questions asked and answered.
There is now a way for the questions asked and answers given to be uneven if the system responds "I don't know".
I then used the <chrono> and auto start, stop, and duration to track the time of each session.
Then using the "ChatStats" file, I read the last line to check what the last session number was, and add 1 to that when creating the new session file.
My most useful method is the checkSession that does the mentioned function, but it also allows me to easily answer how many chats there have been.
The problem I ran into was with parsing all four numbers from the lines in the ChatStats file.
I ended up having to just count how many words were between each number and push those to a string to make the number the front of the line.
I also still have the problem of everytime the company is chosen, the qloop repeats twice instead of just occurring once.
My chitchat function also does not always match with what it should.
For example, the question "what is the weather today" does not match but the phrase "how is the weather" does match with the regex "weather".
I don't know how to fix this and since I have a catch all for any question I haven't covered for in chitchat I was not too worried.
And yes I know the file is called CSCE250data instead of CSCE240 but I don't feel like replacing it in the code.

The words that are flagged for interest and cause a response from the system are the titles of each item. For example CEO does not trigger any response, but Financial Executive does.
this means questions have to include at least two words from a title of an item.